*About*
 
Hacker Trade is a marketplace for freelance hackers and no-nonsense clients. Designed for people who want to handle their development contracting online, but still value results and quality as much as price.
 
Taking applications from both contractors and clients, we work with both parties to find the right match for your project or your skills. We help you, throughout the project, to maintain a lively and constructive collaboration until completion. 
 
Hackers can focus on code, and clients get peace of mind.
 
*What's different from other freelancing sites?*
 
We like a job well done, and are fond of the human part of contracting. Finding work or contractors online doesn't need to be just about cheap outsourcing. It's also a great way for like-minded hackers and clients to meet each other, and work on completing projects with care and pleasure. 
 
The usual approach is to let everyone and their dog enter bidding wars, which inevitably favors cheap incompetence, drives away skilled coders, and ultimately deters serious clients. Instead, we focus on hackers who can get the job done, and on clients with realistic expectations.
 
*How does it work?*
 
1. Both [clients] and [hackers] apply online. We operate the selection process on a rolling basis; first in, first served. 
 
2. We start a discussion with the selected applicants. We get to learn more about you and your projects, and check your references.
 
3. When we think of a good match for you, we put you in touch. You get the final word though - we only want you to work with people you like.
 
4. If all goes well, the work starts. We'll ask both parties to come up with a small test task (1-2 days), to check that all is fine in real conditions.
 
5. What follows is on a case by case basis, as each project is different, and we'd rather make sure it works well for you. We have a lot of experience with online & remote work though, so we'll be there to provide advices and guidance as needed. 
 
Our only hard requirements are on the level of communication (a quick 5-15 minutes daily chat meeting throughout the project) and the deliverables (the client defines small self-contained tasks, and a specific volume of work is agreed on for each week).
 
*How much does it cost?*
 
We ask for 10% of the cost of the work. In exchange, we match you with clients or hackers, help you to define the work and processes, and arbitrate disagreements. 
 
We also guarantee the payments - they are transfered to us before the work starts, and released as soon as the deliverables are provided as agreed and on time. This protects hackers from bad payers, and ensures clients get what they asked.
 
*Who are you guys?*
 
TODO
 
*Questions?*
 
[Contact us!]
 
(Really. Don't hesitate.)

